Tesseract  and doc updates (#367)
polytope-labs/hyperbridge: docs/pages/developers/polkadot/token-gateway.mdx

- `set_token_gateway_addresses`: This priviledged call is used to set the token gateway address for EVM chains.
- `create_erc6160_asset`: This call dispatches a request to Hyperbridge to create multi chain native assets on token gateway deployments
- `update_erc6160_asset`: This call dispatches a request to Hyperbridge to update multi chain native assets on token gateway deployments
- `update_asset_precision`: This priviledged call is used to set or update the precision of an asset deployed on some remote chains.

> Priviledged calls must be dispatched by [`CreateOrigin`](https://docs.rs/pallet-token-gateway/15.1.1/pallet_token_gateway/pallet/trait.Config.html#associatedtype.CreateOrigin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Priviledged calls must be dispatched by [`CreateOrigin`](https://docs.rs/pallet-token-gateway/latest/pallet_token_gateway/pallet/trait.Config.html#associatedtype.CreateOrigin).
```
